Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to solve a problem now in the categories screen, you can see we can
basically select multiple category name and definitely we do not need this type of functionality.
And in order to solve this, we are going to need to go back to our VTS code and before this state we
are going to need to look over its category name.
So over here we can create a for loop and we can then say var.
Elements in on the score.
I tend.
On this score.
It's an.
Then over a year.
We're going to call this element of it.
You can see this element as a variable that has access to all the items because we are basically running
a loop over each category and then we have four elements in on the score item.
Then we basically want to assess the is selected and we're going to set it to force.
So what we are basically saying, we are saying the other category names which are not selected should
remain force.
Okay.
All to start this.
And.
Hopefully you understand what I'm trying to say or you're going to see this in real time.
Okay.
And.
Back to the category.
Okay.
And now click on this.
You can see now it is set to true and click on this.
It's going to change.
It's going to change that.
Back to force over here.
Click on this set to click on this.
Okay.
Now, most of the time, you would want to memorize the codes because one thing is trying to understand
and the other is memorizing the code.
And most of the time it could take you up to two days, five days, three days to master this code or
to memorize it.
Okay.
Hopefully you understand.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.